README.md, before:

# pwa-text-editor ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MIT&message=License&color=blue)

## Deployed URL

Click [here](https://aqueous-sea-61832.herokuapp.com/) to view deployed application on Github page.

## Table Of Contents

- [Description](#description)
  - [Deployed URL](#deployed-url)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Launch The App](#launch-the-app)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

This single page app will feature a number of data persistence techniques that serve as redundancy in case one of the options is not supported by the browser. The application will also function offline.

## User Story

```
AS A developer
I WANT to create notes or code snippets with or without an internet connection
SO THAT I can reliably retrieve them for later use

```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a text editor web application
WHEN I open my application in my editor
THEN I should see a client server folder structure
WHEN I run `npm run start` from the root directory
THEN I find that my application should start up the backend and serve the client
WHEN I run the text editor application from my terminal
THEN I find that my JavaScript files have been bundled using webpack
WHEN I run my webpack plugins
THEN I find that I have a generated HTML file, service worker, and a manifest file
WHEN I use next-gen JavaScript in my application
THEN I find that the text editor still functions in the browser without errors
WHEN I open the text editor
THEN I find that IndexedDB has immediately created a database storage
WHEN I enter content and subsequently click off of the DOM window
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been saved with IndexedDB
WHEN I reopen the text editor after closing it
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been retrieved from our IndexedDB
WHEN I click on the Install button
THEN I download my web application as an icon on my desktop
WHEN I load my web application
THEN I should have a registered service worker using workbox
WHEN I register a service worker
THEN I should have my static assets pre cached upon loading along with subsequent pages and static assets
WHEN I deploy to Heroku
THEN I should have proper build scripts for a webpack application

```

### Installation

```
git clone git@github.com:SumaiaSorna/pwa-text-editor.git
cd pwa-text-editor

npm i

```

### Launch The App

```
npm run start
```

## Screenshot

![Final look of pwa-text-editor](./client/src/images/screenshot/pwa-text-editor.png)

### Questions

If you have any questions about this application, please feel free to contact me in my <a href="mailto:sorna.sumaia@gmail.com">email.</a>

Commit message:

added repository link in the readme file

README.md, after:

# pwa-text-editor ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MIT&message=License&color=blue)

## Deployed URL

Click [here](https://aqueous-sea-61832.herokuapp.com/) to view deployed application on Github page.

## repository Link

Click [here](https://github.com/SumaiaSorna/pwa-text-editor) to view on Github page.

## Table Of Contents

- [Description](#description)
  - [Deployed URL](#deployed-url)
  - [Repository Link](#repository-link)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Launch The App](#launch-the-app)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Description

This single page app will feature a number of data persistence techniques that serve as redundancy in case one of the options is not supported by the browser. The application will also function offline.

## User Story

```
AS A developer
I WANT to create notes or code snippets with or without an internet connection
SO THAT I can reliably retrieve them for later use

```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a text editor web application
WHEN I open my application in my editor
THEN I should see a client server folder structure
WHEN I run `npm run start` from the root directory
THEN I find that my application should start up the backend and serve the client
WHEN I run the text editor application from my terminal
THEN I find that my JavaScript files have been bundled using webpack
WHEN I run my webpack plugins
THEN I find that I have a generated HTML file, service worker, and a manifest file
WHEN I use next-gen JavaScript in my application
THEN I find that the text editor still functions in the browser without errors
WHEN I open the text editor
THEN I find that IndexedDB has immediately created a database storage
WHEN I enter content and subsequently click off of the DOM window
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been saved with IndexedDB
WHEN I reopen the text editor after closing it
THEN I find that the content in the text editor has been retrieved from our IndexedDB
WHEN I click on the Install button
THEN I download my web application as an icon on my desktop
WHEN I load my web application
THEN I should have a registered service worker using workbox
WHEN I register a service worker
THEN I should have my static assets pre cached upon loading along with subsequent pages and static assets
WHEN I deploy to Heroku
THEN I should have proper build scripts for a webpack application

```

### Installation

```
git clone git@github.com:SumaiaSorna/pwa-text-editor.git
cd pwa-text-editor

npm i

```

### Launch The App

```
npm run start
```

## Screenshot

![Final look of pwa-text-editor](./client/src/images/screenshot/pwa-text-editor.png)

### Questions

If you have any questions about this application, please feel free to contact me in my <a href="mailto:sorna.sumaia@gmail.com">email.</a>
